refine TiFlash doc to add executor pushdown white list (#5245)
pingcap/docs: tiflash/use-tiflash.md

## Supported push-down calculations

TiFlash supports the push-down of the following operators:

* TableScan: Reads data from tables.
* Selection: Filters data.
* HashAgg: Performs data aggregation based on the [Hash Aggregation](/explain-aggregation.md#hash-aggregation) algorithm.

> * StreamAgg: Performs data aggregation based on the [Stream Aggregation](/explain-aggregation.md#stream-aggregation) algorithm. SteamAgg only supports the column without the `GROUP BY` condition.

Reviewer: SteamAgg only supports the column without the => SteamAgg only supports the aggregation without the

> * StreamAgg: Performs data aggregation based on the [Stream Aggregation](/explain-aggregation.md#stream-aggregation) algorithm. SteamAgg only supports the column without the `GROUP BY` condition.

Author: ```suggestion
* StreamAgg: Performs data aggregation based on the [Stream Aggregation](/explain-aggregation.md#stream-aggregation) algorithm. SteamAgg only supports the aggregation without the `GROUP BY` condition.
```

* TopN: Performs the TopN calculation.
* Limit: Performs the limit calculation.
* Project: Performs the projection calculation.
* HashJoin: Performs the join calculation based on the [Hash Join](/explain-joins.md#hash-join) algorithm, but with the following conditions:
    * The operator can be pushed down only in the [MPP mode](#use-the-mpp-mode).
    * The operator must have the join condition with the equivalent value.
    * The push-down of `Full Outer Join` is not supported.

> In TiDB, operators are organized in a tree-like structure. For an operator to be pushed down to TiFlash, all of the following prerequisites must be met:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In TiDB, operators are organized in a tree structure. For an operator to be pushed down to TiFlash, all of the following prerequisites must be met:
```

> + All of its child operators must be able to be pushed down to TiFlash.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ All of its child operators can be pushed down to TiFlash.
```

> + All of the operator's expressions can be pushed down to TiFlash, because most of the operators contain expressions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ All expressions of the operator can be pushed down to TiFlash, because most of the operators contain expressions.
```

Among them, the push-down of `cast` and `date_add` is not enabled by default. To enable it, refer to [Blocklist of Optimization Rules and Expression Pushdown](/blocklist-control-plan.md).

In addition, expressions that contain the Time/Bit/Set/Enum/Geometry type cannot be pushed down to TiFlash.

> If a query encounters unsupported push-down calculations, TiDB needs to complete the remaining calculations, which might greatly affect the TiFlash acceleration effect. The currently unsupported operators/expressions might be supported in future versions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a query encounters unsupported push-down calculations, TiDB needs to complete the remaining calculations, which might greatly affect the TiFlash acceleration effect. The currently unsupported operators and expressions might be supported in future versions.
```
